1)

We have a feature that only returns threee pages after the last highlighted value in a document. Let's change that feature to do this instead:

a) If the document was labeled as high-confidence, only return the pages up to the last highlighted value.
b) If the document was not labeled high-confidence, return all pages.

2) 
Let's improve the current LLM prompt for the case where a document contains a clear summary page with all the relevant
information, but also contains detailed tables with the item by item values and calculations. In that case the values 
should be extracted/highlighted on the summary page and the item by item calculations should be ignored. Create a fixture with 
this use case and add it to the live tests.

3a) 
Let's make update the LLM also return a boolean flag to classify whether a document is the kind of document we are looking for
(document with some form of proof of the trucker getting a payment). This should be prompt engineered to err on the side of 
caution (if uncertain classify as a document of interest). This feature is helpful because truckers sometimes submit their 
files to the wrong link and documents that have nothing to do with proof of payment end up in the packet. So this feature would
help us flag this and not include those documents in the combined PDF, plus we can flag them in the output excel. Add fixtures to
test this feature in the live tests.

3b) 
Let's update the excel export to work this way:

- Every document has at least one entry (multiple entries if one doc contains multiple values that are extarcted).
- If a document had nothing extracted from it but was classified as a financial document, 
still include it, highlight it in red and flag it for review (Classified as financial document, but tool could not extract values, REVIEW)
The page number should show the page range.
for that document (inclusive on both ends; e.g., 33 - 38).
- If a document was classified as a non-financial document, have it be grayed out in the excel file, 
do not include it in the combined PDF, add a note saying in the excel saying the document was not included because
it did not contain any payment information (perhaps word this better), set all other fields to NA.
- Treat duplicate documents the same as documents classified as non-financial, but on the excel not specify that it was an exact duplicate 
to document XXX and therefore was not included. No need to add a note to the duplicate file that was chosen to be used for the extraction.
- Documents where we failed to extract the date, classified as non-financial documents, or duplicates should all be at the bottom of 
the excel sheet. The documents where we failed to extract the date, but were still included in the PDF should be above the 
other two. In the PDF, documents where we could not extract the date but were non-duplicates and were classified as financial documents
should be located at the bottom of the PDF.

This is also a bit of a fundamental shift in what the app can handle and what it does.
We should update the vesion to 1.0.0 once this is done and working. Also, we should
update the @project/ @cursor/ and @README.md files where needed to reflect the
addition of the classification layer.
